Yo what´s up? My name is Robeat!
Most of you probably know me from the RTL TV-show "Das Supertalent".
I´m 19 years old
and I am beatboxing now for about 4 or 5 years.
Its a cool thing and I guess my specialty is
that I not only stand there and do Beatbox like this...
...But instead doing it the funny way, with a bit of comedy.
Just simple entertainment like for example...
There are a lot of crazy sounds, for instance...
So here we have the beat.
sound!
now both together
or the windscreen wiper
I would consider myself a new-school Beatboxer
I first competed at the Southern German Championchip
where I made the first place. I didn´t expect that.
Then I moved on to the German Championchip
where I got vice-champion. That was awesome!
Then I went on television to "Tigerentenclub" [a show for small childreen]
Since this 5th german BeatboxBattle Championchip everything went crazy
straight afterwards, we have been to "Stern TV"
with BeeLow and Mando. At "Günni" [famous german Talkmaster]
Its not only Hip Hop, but also Drum´n´Base, Techno, Salsa, Jazz
You are totally free, you only have to be creative.
above all, I want to make Beatboxing famous in Germany. I give Workshops too.
I sell the first Tutorial DVD in german.
Many people lern to Beatbox from Youtube as well.
Or on the "Beatbox-Schule" with "Teamspeak".
I guess you know it, otherwise have a look on www.beatbox-schule.de
Michael Winslow! "Police Academy"! A pioneer!
Michael Winslow I love you!